One, two, three
My baby don't mess around
Because she loves me so
And this I know fo sho...
Okay, the key
to my world-famous French toast,
you put cinnamon right into the batter.
Got it.
Wait, what's "bladder"?
"Batter" is a mix of milk and eggs.
Hmm. Tastes kinda fishy.
Boop!
Ooh, Stevie, I got a big one.
Oh, Stevie, look, look!
No! No tickling!
Fish tickles!
I mean, come on.
We're like one of those happy families
you see at the beginning
of a disaster movie.
Everything is perfect.
Until... the disaster.
- Oh, what's wrong, honey?
- Huh?
Okay, so I'm not blaming
my little brother here,
but he definitely didn't make life easier.
- Paci. He needs his paci.
- Oh! Huh?
Oh, I should
probably tell you. This is a dream.
- Help me find the one he likes.
- He has a preference?
Yes, the blue handle.
Uh, they're all blue.
It's the one that sounds like
a bad birthday clown.
I charge extra for balloon animals.
Hmm! Hi-ya!
They say dreams are the mind's way
of trying to fix your problems
in the real world.
The perfect cartwheel.
I'm just so proud.
Yah! Whoa! Hi-yah!
And fixing things is kinda my thing.
Got it!
It's not the paci. He probably wants...
But, lately, all my dreams...
...keep turning into nightmares.
Okay, it's not the stuffy.
Uh, maybe he's hungry?
Honey, did you forget
to pay the house bill?
- I thought you paid it.
- You said you would.
No, no, I said I could, but then
I figured you would, so I didn't.
Michael!
Mom! Dad!
Maybe they're trying to tell me something.
Or maybe...
it's just a dream.
Shoot.
Okay, careful, I'll get the broom.
No, Jenn, I got it.
No, I got it.
Giant hot dog, don't eat me.
I know things are tight,
but we're getting by.
As soon as I finish the album--
It's-- It's been two years.
I could've finished it
if my lead singer
didn't just give up on me.
I didn't give up on you, Michael.
I believe in you.
I-- I really do.
But things are different now.
Something's gotta change.
Change?
What does that mean?
All parents argue. It's not a big deal.
Right?
Maybe they just need to remember
how great things used to be.
Don't worry about me
Yeah, I'll be fine
I read enough books for seven lives
I know that I'll make it out okay
I'm dancing my way through every day
'Cause I...
Eww!
Elliot!
Oh, my God, this is just so gross.
Could you not leave a trail of rancid meat
festering on the floor?
But how else is Baloney Tony
gonna find his way home?
He's a stuffed animal!
I miss you, Baloney Tony.
Wherever you are.
Morning, Bear, Bear Jr., Barely There.
Frank.
Ooh!
Every night, I sleep to dream...
Of you and me
- Hey! Wanna see a magic trick?
- Ahh! Ugh.
Why do you have to be so annoying?
Open the note, Stevie.
"Stevie will say, 'Why do you
have to be so--'" Okay, we're done here.
Ta-da!
Still annoying.
Well, thank you. Can I help?
No, no, no. It's okay.
This has to be perfect.
Come on! Dad taught me
to cook French toast too.
I can flip 'em.
Give it back! You're gonna ruin it.
Oh! Elliot!
I mean it. Give it back!
Oh, no!
Ow!
- Not my fault.
- Elliot!
I've got an idea.
How about you do some real magic
and make yourself disappear?
Hmm. A disappearing act.
Whoa!
Can you remember when we were young?
Oh, hey, sweetheart. You're up early.
Yeah, uh, Mom made you breakfast.
Seriously?
Knock, knock.
Oh, good.
You've come to save me. Okay, quick.
Name a letter from A to F.
I can't grade your students' papers.
Come on. Just one?
I mean, this 12-year-old
thinks Prince is overrated.
Oh.
Automatic fail.
Hey, it says, "Take a break."
'Cause Dad made you breakfast.
Seriously?
Famous French toast.
Just like old times, huh?
Yeah. Just like old times.
Hey, where's Elliot?
Oh, I don't know.
Where could he be? It's like he just--
Disappeared!
Ha-ha! Elliot the Extraordinary
strikes again!
Elliot.
Hey, guys, um, while we're all together,
something came up,
and I'm, uh,
headed out of town super early tomorrow.
You're leaving?
Well, the university in Duluth is looking
for an associate professor,
which is, you know, kind of a big step up.
But I thought I'd check it out
and go see Grandma while I'm there.
But it's so far away,
and Dad hates Duluth.
What? No, no, I love any town
that has "Dull" right there in the name.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. It's great!
Oh, no. That's Dad's fake smile.
You can tell
by the way his eyes get weird.
See? Looks like a dead possum.
And while Mom's in Duluth,
you guys are getting an all-access pass
to a VIP named D-A-D.
And I've got prime seats lined up
at Polly's Pizzeria!
Yes!
Polly's Pizzeria A place for family fun
Minors must be accompanied by an adult.
You're definitely in charge
while I'm gone.
Are you and Dad okay?
- Is this about money?
- What?
I-- I could get a job. I could babysit.
Or work at the mall.
I could buy a fake ID on the dark web
to subvert child labor laws--
Oh, Stevie, Stevie.
It's just an interview.
I mean, it doesn't mean it's happening.
They might not even want me.
I mean, have you seen
my serious interview face?
Okay?
Oh, and while I'm gone, can you help
Elliot find a book for his report?
And nothing about
bodily functions or pirates.
Or the bodily functions of pirates.
Yeah.
Sure.
It's just an interview.
Mom and Dad'll figure this out.
What if they don't?
No, no, no, it's gonna be fine.
Fine, fine, fine!
Be cool.
Hey, Stevie!
You're supposed to help me
find a book for my report.
Oh, yeah, 'cause there's nothing
more important than that.
It's cool.
I've got a solid C in that class anyway.
Ahh!
Elliot.
You can't bring home a C.
I can if I apply myself.
Classics. You gotta stick
with the classics.
Teachers eat that stuff up.
Got it.
Ooh!
Flying bed. Classic.
Cowboys! Classic.
Fists of Dynamite? Class--
Oh, wait. It's a metaphor?
Call me when your fists actually explode.
No.
Nope.
No way!
A poster for Mom and Dad's first show!
Elliot, check this out. Uh, Elliot?
Uh, welcome to Shiver Me Thrifters...
...where your trash is our treasure.
Can I help you plunder your way
to big, big savings?
All good hair.
I mean, here.
Sorry. I'm just looking for a boy.
Brother! Boy. Uh, my brother, he's a boy.
Obviously.
Uh, anyways, you have been a huge help.
Love you. I mean, thank you. Oh!
I'm fine. Ow!
Whoa.
Ladies and gentlemen,
introducing Elliot the Extraord--
Huh?
Elliot!
- What are you doing down here?
- Oh, it's just you.
What is that?
Hey, give it back!
"The Legend of the Sandman,
the Giver of Dreams"?
It's mostly pictures, Elliot.
This isn't a real book.
Hmm?
Mr. Sandman...
- Whoa. Magic!
- Bring me your dreams...
Stupid circuit breaker. Every day.
Hey, you're not supposed to be down here.
You're not supposed to be down hair!
I mean, here.
Hmm?
Watch as we disappear!
Run!
No. Stop.
If I get in trouble,
I might lose this fantastic job.
Okay. Which book do you wanna do?
This one!
Where did you get that?
Sleight of hand.
You stole--
You stole it? Are you crazy?
The tag said it was priceless.
That obviously means it's free. Duh!
Hey, check this out.
It says the Sandman
can make your dreams come true.
- What?
- Right there.
"Sandman, please, I call unto you."
"Grant me my dreams,
make them come true."
Whoa.
Do you know what this means?
What?
Stevie?
What, Stevie? What?
You're really gullible.
No, I'm not!
Wait, what does that mean?
Oh, man.
If the Sandman made my dreams come true,
I'd have a jetpack,
a six-pack,
and, like, my fists
would be made out of actual dynamite.
You want dynamite fists?
What would your dream be?
Uh, Stevie, what would your dream be?
My own room.
Elliot, go back to bed.
Elliot, what are you doing?
Elliot, wake up!
Elliot!
- What?
- Look!
This can't be happening.
This is totally happening!
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Yee-haw!
No, no, no! Wait!
Wait!
Oh!
Whoa! Whoa!
I didn't know you could do parkour.
I can't!
Whoa!
Ugh!
Elliot!
I can fly it?
I can fly it!
Whoa-ho!
I'm gonna kill you!
Gotcha!
Elliot, take us down!
Oh, you wanna go down?
Then let's go down!
Hi, doggie!
Up, up, up, up!
This thing is like a rocket!
A rocket would be very cool.
No, it wouldn't. Wait, what's that?
Oh.
It would probably be irresponsible
for me to push this.
Elliot, don't.
Hey, look! That's our house.
No, wait. That one has a pool.
Why don't we have a pool? Are we poor?
Forget that. Look at this.
Whoa.
What did you do?
Come!
Find me.
And your dreams will come true.
Whoa! Was that the Sandman?
I don't know.
Let's go find him!
Or not.
Wake up.
Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up. Wake up!
Stevie?
Wake up!
I just had the craziest dream.
Me too.
Mine was awesome!
Mine was awful.
My bed was alive!
It was like a wild animal, and I tamed it,
and I pulled on the sheets,
and it started flying!
And you.
You were hanging on like,
"Elliot, stop!"
And there were these awesome stars,
and they turned into the Sandman
from the book, and he said--
"Find me and your dreams will come true."
How'd you know that?
We had the exact same dream.
But that's not possible, right?
Oh, my gosh! The Sandman is real!
We both read the book last night.
That's why we had the same dream.
Or it's magic!
I can see your crack, Houdini.
Jenn.
We have to talk about this.
Okay, I have to go
if I'm gonna make this interview.
Can I say one thing?
Our-- Our life is here.
We wrote our best songs here.
Our kids were born here.
This... This is home.
How could we leave that behind?
Because things change.
This would be a good job that pays more.
The kids would be
in a better school district, and I...
It might be good for us
to have a fresh start.
You know, I'm just trying to do
what is best for our family.
So am I.
If you wanna move there,
I don't know if I can do it.
I... I... I gotta go.
Ugh! No.
Sandman, please, I call unto you.
Grant me my dreams, make them come true.
Hey, Dad!
There's a dead girl in the cereal.
Tell your mother.
Can I keep her?
No!
Oh, good. You're alive.
Dad said I could keep you.
All good. I'm all...
good.
Fresh squeezed!
Oh, my gosh, I did it! It worked!
Hi!
It's all so perfect!
It's Breakfast Town.
I used to love this dream.
I have sprinkles!
Oh-ho-ho-ho! I'm finally a real doughnut!
Hey, girl!
Aw, who's a good sausage doggie?
You are. Yes, you are. You smell so good.
What a weird kid.
All right.
I'm coming for you, Sandman!
If you can dream it,
you can do it, Stevie.
Ha-ha! I can do it.
What up, weirdo?
No!
No, no, no! Why are you here?
I don't know.
I fell asleep, and here I am.
Off, off. Down, down.
Elliot, keep this thing away from me.
Don't worry. I trained her. Check it out.
Sit. Shake.
Play bed.
Ta-da!
Wow! Now go away.
I'm gonna find the Sandman.
I knew he was real. How do we find him?
There is no we.
Come on, girl.
Sandman! Oh, Sandman. Where are you?
Ugh. That's not how dreams work.
- I know the Sandman!
- What? Who said that?
- Is that our fridge?
- I'm in the back.
Ew, gross.
Smells familiar.
Okay, it is just fine.
Just a little dusty back here.
I'm not gonna look at that.
Hey, my retainer.
I'm a perfect princess.
Okay.
Keep walking. No eye contact.
Is she still looking at us?
Uh, yep. Still looking.
- Oh!
- Hey! Help me out, will ya?
Get me up! Get me up! Get me up!
Okay, I push, you pull.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah!
Oh!
With these hungry eyes
One look at you and I can't disguise
I've got hungry eyes
I feel the magic between you and I
My man Smelliot!
Baloney Tony! I love this dream.
I feel so alive!
Ah! That's the good stuff.
I knew I smelled something rotten.
Nice to see you too, Joanne.
Stevie.
That's what I said. Joanne.
- Ste...
- Jo...
- ...vie.
- ...anne.
- I feel like we're saying the same thing.
- I've been looking all over for you.
I've been stuck
back here eating dust bunnies
and getting my toes tickled
by some deranged muffin.
I see you, Delilah! I see you!
Perfect princess.
That's right, just keep walking.
Ah, there I go. Sometimes I fall apart
when I get emotional.
You know how it is.
Talk amongst yourselves.
There. Good. We're good.
Hey, how'd you get stuck back here?
Someone stuck me back here
in the real world.
Hmm.
Joanne. Your sister. Standing right there.
Okay, back you go.
Want a piece of me? Take that!
It was you!
Yes, it was me.
And I'd do it again because he smells
like a dumpster fire full of bad meat.
Oh, stop! Go on.
Can you just tell me
how to get to the Sandman?
Yeah, but you'll never get there.
Take my advice, forget about the Sandman.
Go have fun
with your delusional brunch buddies
so E and I can blow stuff up
with laser farts.
- Yay-- Ow!
- Ow!
- That's it.
- Okay, okay, let's chill!
A "please" would be nice.
Okay, that was just a strong wind.
Follow me.
The Sandman lives there.
Okay. Easy enough.
But if you try to find the Sandman,
your dream will 100% turn into
a nightmare.
A nightmare?
I don't wanna be in a nightmare.
Me neither. I got enough drama here
with the crazy muffins.
A little nightmare isn't gonna stop me.
Ooh! Scary!
That's gonna be expensive.
Oh! What is happening?
I'm not with her! She has no friends.
Who could love a face like that?
It's Nightmara!
I mean, it's Nightmara,
the giver of nightmares.
You have to get through her
if you wanna reach the Sandman.
Coming through!
Scramble!
- What's happening?
- She's trying to wake us up.
What's the matter, Stevie?
I thought you liked breakfast!
Oh, what? Avocados are making
zombie babies now?
Perfect princess!
It's even worse back here!
Tony!
I got this.
I can feel the power of the dreamverse
flowing through my stuffing.
Get behind me,
because I'm gonna channel it
into an epic flaming fireball!
Ew.
So, you, uh,
seen good movies lately? Anybody?
Anybody see any good movies?
Did I miss your birthday?
Strange weather we're having, isn't it?
Ahh!
Run!
- It's just a dream. It's just a dream.
- Feels pretty real to me.
- What happened?
- I almost had a nightmare in my pants.
No, why did I wake up when you woke up?
Who cares? That was terrifying!
I'm never going back there again.
Good. Then you can't ruin my dreams.
I could really use a friend
who smells like processed meat right now.
I'm coming for you, Baloney Tony!
Come on.
Got ya!
You're alive!
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Look who's back!
Wait. What are you doing?
Well, it says here because
we said the chant at the same time,
we're now psychically linked.
Which means I can't get to the Sandman
unless we go back.
- Together.
- Nope.
Nuh-uh! No way I'm going back there.
Not in a million years.
Come on, Elliot.
You want me to face that Nightmara thing
just so you can get your own room?
Yes.
Sorry. Not gonna happen.
I'm never gonna sleep,
and you can't make me.
You wanna bet?
Tiny turtle sleep machine.
It's worked since you were a baby.
No, no, no. It's too powerful. You can't!
- Yes.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
- I...
- Stevie!
...can.
No!
Elliot!
We have to get to the Sandman.
No.
I don't wanna go back!
No!
Yes!
Uh...
Sleep, I have vanquished you!
Oh, hey, Dad.
I'm gonna make some coffee. You want some?
Don't you wish
Your pizza was hot like me?
Don't you wish your pizza
Was a freak like me?
Don't cha?
Dad, you gotta get up there on the drums.
That creepy old-timey bear is blowing it.
Hey, hey. Your mom and I
used to open for Mustache Moe, okay?
Played our first gig right there.
Hello. You're so cute.
I'm so sorry I have to bash your face in.
Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
So, Dad, I've been thinking.
What if you and Mom
got the band back together?
Like, at night, after school?
You guys are so good.
I could harmonize. What do you say?
I wish it were that easy, kiddo.
But you guys are fine, right?
I mean, it's not like
Mom's gonna move to Duluth,
and you're staying here,
'cause that's just crazy, right?
Right?
Ah, Stevie.
You know, it's like, uh...
It's like when I'm writing a song.
You know, sometimes it just works,
and it's easy, and I know what comes next.
And-- And other times I don't,
and I get totally stuck.
And it's impossible to see the next note.
And before you know it,
it's been three hours,
and I'm just staring at a wall
because I can't figure out
how to finish the song, and... and...
And I'm not helping, am I?
I just don't want you to worry, honey.
Imposter!
If you're the real Polly,
what's your favorite pizza topping?
Uh, crackers?
Your last name is Pepperoni!
Get her!
No, no, no, not the beak!
It comes out of my paycheck.
- You suck!
- I hate my life.
Elliot, don't jump on his face.
Come on, buddy!
Now I've gotta slip the parrot a 20.
Polly's Pizzeria, a place for family fun!
What's up, turd nugget?
Close the door.
D'oh!
Don't cha?
Uh, are you still mad at me for waking up?
Or just normal mad?
Mom got the job.
In Duluth.
Huh?
She texted Dad.
I saw it.
But I can't move to the city.
My skin will lose
its beautiful country glow!
Elliot, we're in serious trouble.
Dad doesn't wanna go.
They've been fighting a lot, and I think
they're splitting up.
What?
Yeah. We'll have to go to a new school,
make new friends.
We'll have to go between their houses,
and you know Dad's not gonna build us
a bunk bed that's up to code.
And what if they get remarried,
and we get step-siblings,
and they're lazy, and they hate magic,
and everything will be split
and weird and-- and--
Stevie.
Are you and me
gonna split up?
I don't know.
I know you're scared,
but we have a chance to save our family,
if we can just find the Sandman.
Polly's Pizzeria, a place for family fun!
Don't you wish your pizza
Was cheesy like me?
Was fresh like me...
Okay. We're gonna stay asleep
this time, right?
Right.
- No matter what?
- No matter what.
No matter what!
No, Elliot!
Dang, this new generation is way--
Dang it. Come on.
Keep it together, Baloney Anthony.
Okay.
Eh, whatever.
You good?
Yeah.
Listen, Joanne,
I know you've always looked up to me.
- No, not at all.
- So I'm gonna let you in on a secret.
If you really wanna find the Sandman,
you gotta stop dreaming
and start lucid dreaming.
Lucid dreaming?
Mm-hmm. If you concentrate hard enough,
you can take control of your dreams.
You just gotta have an open mind.
Elliot knows what I'm talking about.
His mind is like a big,
endless, open field of nothing.
That's right.
But you. You're way too...
"My system is overloaded."
"Need to spreadsheet my feelings."
Okay, that's enough.
Hey, Nightmara!
We have a date with the Sandman,
and you can't stop us!
Don't you wish your pizza was awful?
I'm rooting for ya, E!
You got this, buddy!
Why do I get the feeling
it's payback time?
Oh, hello. You're so cute.
I'm so sorry I have to bash your face in.
- No, no, no, no, no!
- Elliot, don't wake up!
Elliot!
It's gonna take a lot more than
some crappy bash-a-badgers to stop us.
It's nap time.
I don't need two eyes
to see that this is a bad idea.
Tony!
- Is she still back there?
- Who?
Here's Granny!
Wait! Grandma?
Did you get the birthday card I sent?
You're scared of Grandma?
- Eh?
- Don't judge me!
Eggxecute them!
Hey, man, don't do this!
I know you got a beautiful heart
next to that yummy custard!
You dirty custard!
Baloney Tony!
Oh, my God!
How hard is it to stay asleep?
- Naked dream!
- What's so scary about this?
Absolutely nothing.
Naked on aisle four.
Stevie Ting is naked on aisle four.
I didn't know there was a test today.
You're gonna get a B...
...minus!
No!
Okay, those two were on me.
Ah, I love the open sea!
Holy mackerel!
- Fish tickles!
- Abandon ship!
Not this one again!
Never trust a hot dog!
You're not the real Polly.
How many more nightmares
do we have to face?
We need to keep going
until we don't wake up.
Or we could give up
and go back to the naked dream.
No one puts Frank in the corner.
No, not Frank!
Not Frank!
Frank, come on!
We are from the doll community.
We're stuffed with the same love.
Stevie.
I'm right here. Stay strong.
I'm starting to think he's upset!
Stay strong. Stay strong. Stay strong.
Stay strong!
Hmm?
What the...
That's it! Elliot!
- Elliot.
- Sorry, what?
If we hold hands and think
the same thing at the same time, we can...
Lucid dream!
Oh, man.
Incoming!
Run!
Ha-ha!
Bed!
- Hey, girl!
- Whoo-hoo!
Elliot, you know what it's time for?
Dynamite...
fists!
Huh?
Uh-oh.
- Oh!
- Right.
Dynamite fists!
Cool.
We did it!
Whoa! W-w-wait!
How about we turn off
the dynamite fists first?
- Oh!
- Oh, right.
I'm comfortable celebrating now.
Oh, my gosh, Elliot! That was amazing!
Frank was like...
And we were like...
We were like...
- I was like...
- We were like...
- And then you were like...
- I was-- You hear me, right? Hello.
- And then we were like, yeah!
- Yeah!
- Exploded!
- Boom!
We are awesome!
Yeah, I'm awesome. You're awesome.
- She's almost awesome.
- Wait, what?
Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho!
Hey, Stevie.
Do you think this is really gonna work?
It has to.
What's happening?
Oh no! I thought we won!
Elliot!
Tony!
Wake up.
Don't wake up. Don't wake up.
Don't wake up. Don't wake up!
Stevie!
Wake up.
Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up!
Huh?
Well, we died.
No, I think we actually made it.
Elliot!
You stayed asleep!
I did!
Whoa!
Uh, now what?
You're thinking jetpack, right?
Well, I am now.
Whoa! Cool!
Elliot, we don't need jetpacks.
Oh, right.
Whoa!
Blast off!
Yeah!
Wow!
Whoo-hoo!
Whoa!
Cool!
Oh, sorry.
Oh.
Sandlings...
Hit it!
Mr. Sandman, that's me!
Bringing the dreams
Not the right beat!
Blowin' your mind with make-believe
Not the right energy!
Fly in the sky or dance in the sea
That's just wrong.
How about the one
Where it's candy you sneeze?
- Sometimes if I'm feeling extreme
- Ooh!
That's it!
I use this dolphin With awful hygiene
Let's turn on my magic beams
Mr. Sandman bringing
Yes, I'm bringing
Mr. Sandman
Bringing your dreams
Ha-ha!
- Wow!
- Yeah!
Okay, back to work, everyone.
Chad.
- Chad, go make some dreams!
- What?
Sandlings.
Welcome to my sandcastle!
Oh, it's been ages
since anyone's made it past Nightmara.
You two are quite the team.
Yeah, I guess we are.
This is very exciting. Very exciting!
So, what's your dream? Just name it.
Um, our parents,
I think they're splitting up.
Oh my.
Can you please just make us
a happy family again?
Follow me.
Wow.
Whoop!
Whoo-hoo! Hey, Stevie! Up here!
Check it out!
Look at me! A-ha!
- Huh?
- Over here!
All the blood is rushing to my brain!
Oop! What's that thing?
Oh, that. It's how we make dreams.
Eh, pretty standard stuff, really.
Let me show you how it works.
You drop the sand cube thingy
into the kaleidoscope looking dealy.
It falls down,
and then some kind of magic, I don't know,
could be science or 5G broadband.
No one really knows, really.
But each dream is carefully crafted.
Flying dreams, farting laser dreams.
Dreams where, say,
you save your secret crush
from a burning building.
How's my hair?
Who has those dreams?
Say anything and you're dead.
Don't you just love dreams?
They show you
how perfect the world could be.
How perfect it should be.
So is this how you're gonna
keep our parents together?
By just giving them a dream?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
For you, I have something much better.
All you need to do is turn the hourglass.
When the last grain of sand falls,
your dreams will be sealed
into the fabric of reality.
Ooh!
Come on, give it a little push.
Ha-ho!
Now all you have to do is wake up.
Thanks, Mr. Sandman.
Sweet dreams.
Huh?
Uh, you're back early.
I thought you were
gonna stay at your mom's.
Well, I forgot
my mom's a recurring nightmare.
Uh, that is my mother-in-law
you're talking about.
And I got a little homesick.
And I just made breakfast.
I'll get you a plate?
We can do that!
Oh, hey. Morning, guys.
Can you remember when we were young
How our hands were made for holding on
And all the love we had
Would never let it fall
Do you remember how we held it all?
Well, it still goes on
Even when we won't
When the light won't shine
On the love we wrote
Even when the miles keep us
Further than we were
We can still go back
To all the lessons that we learned
It don't matter where we are
Because we know that we'll still go on
Anywhere we go
And the holding on
It will still go on
If you still hold on
I keep holding on
We love you, buddy.
Um, Mom.
Are you really going to take the job?
Um, well,
maybe not.
Oh, sweetie, is everything okay?
Everything is perfect.
Mm.
Oh, I've always loved this photo.
Good night, guys.
Love you.
Stevie, what's up?
Nothing.
That's weird.
My stuff is all
neat and clean.
Barely There is
all there.
And Baloney Tony smells like lavender!
Let's not panic.
He said he'd make our dreams come true.
So that's why
things are a little different.
Elliot, gimme my photo.
Wait, wasn't this broken before?
- Elliot, give it back.
- Stevie, none of this is real.
No, it has to be.
- This is all just another...
- Gimme my photo now!
...stupid dream!
What did you do?
I don't know.
What happened? What's wrong?
It... was just another dream.
I told you it wasn't real.
You didn't stay long enough.
You have to stay
until the last grain of sand falls.
Then what?
Then it's real?
Well, then you forget that it's not.
This is what it takes
to make your dreams come true, Stevie.
Okay, then.
This guy's cuckoo bananas.
Love your theme song.
This was a fun adventure.
But, uh, we gotta go.
Stevie, listen to me.
I know your parents' thoughts,
their deepest desires.
I know their dreams.
And they don't include each other anymore.
But it doesn't have to be that way.
Stevie!
Elliot, get on over here.
It's all gonna be okay.
Stay here with us, Stevie.
We'll have so much fun.
Yeah, it'll be perfect.
Stevie, wait. What are you doing?
He's right.
This is the only way
we can all stay together.
But... this isn't real.
We have to go back.
To what? More fighting?
Our family being torn apart?
I don't wanna wake up to that.
- I'm not gonna let you do this!
- Elliot, don't!
Stevie, come on!
Can you just not mess this up for me?
I'm not trying to mess it up.
Well, you are.
Just like you mess up everything.
That's not true!
Elliot, buddy.
Elliot, stop it!
- I said stop it!
- No!
- Elliot!
- I'm not going home...
- Just leave me alone!
- ...alone!
Don't worry. He'll be okay.
Oh, bug. You're safe here with us.
Everything is gonna be okay now.
Just a little while longer
and your dream will finally come true.
Stevie?
No, no, no, no, no, come on!
Wake up.
Stevie, please.
Wake up! Dad!
Dad!
Elliot, what's going on?
Doctor said her vitals were fine.
She just needs to wake up.
I don't understand
how any of this happened.
She made a wish
for you to stay together
so we could all be happy again.
Okay, ready?
Beautiful spatula flip
into a quadruple 1080 backspin!
- And she sticks the landing!
- Oh-ho-ho-ho!
The moment of truth.
Will Stevie Ting be crowned
the best French toast cook on the planet?
Close.
You know, tastes kinda fishy.
- No, no, no, no! Human shield!
- No!
Fish tickles!
No, no, no, no! Never! Eat spatula!
No, bedrooms are safe zones!
My own room.
What are you doing here?
That one, Stevie.
That one.
I know! Quiet.
This is my last dollar.
It has to be perfect.
Okay, yeah. Yeah!
- Yes!
- I did it! I did it!
Oh, yes, finally!
No!
It's okay.
I'm never gonna get one.
Here.
You can have mine.
But-- But he's your favorite.
We can play with him together.
Look, I gave him a baloney pocket.
He'll always be there for you.
Yeah, he will.
His name's Tony.
Baloney Tony.
Elliot.
I'm coming home.
Oh, what?
Huh?
No! No! No, no, no!
Sandman, I don't-- I don't want this.
I-- I wanna go home. I want...
Elliot.
- Wait, was that?
- Oh, my gosh. Sweetie, we're right here.
I'm coming for you, Stevie.
Whoa! Uh, what's happening?
The Sandman promised
to make her dream come true,
but if the hourglass runs out,
she'll be stuck there forever!
I-- I don't understand.
I don't have time to explain.
It's all in here.
If you wanna help, grab that pillow.
What?
It's nap time.
Is this real?
Wait, didn't he say earlier
they did some kind of chant
and ended up in the same dream?
Yeah, but he also thinks butterflies are
made by the government to spy on us.
I believe him.
About the dream
and the butterflies.
I am pumped! What's the plan?
We're gonna get through Nightmara
and bring Stevie home!
Yeah, I'm out.
Baloney Tony!
- It's not you. It's me!
- Aww.
Yah!
I got you a video game, Elliot.
But it's for the wrong console!
Sorry, Grandma!
Hmm?
I can feel pain!
I'll never eat another hot dog again.
Wake up. Wake up! Wake up!
Wake up!
No!
Please!
Let me out of here.
Oh. Elliot.
I'm so sorry.
You're better than any dream.
Elliot!
Oh.
I'm sorry I said you mess everything up.
You don't.
You make it better.
You do too.
Hmm. I like
what you've done with the place.
Wait, how did you get past Nightmara?
Well...
I'm not gonna stop
until I wake up my sister!
Elliot...
Oh, no!
No, no, please! I'm so weak and pathetic.
Look at me. I'm so scared.
I'm just a child.
A tiny, defenseless little child.
I'm basically a baby!
All right, all right, all right.
Don't hurt yourself, kid.
I'm not gonna scare you.
I've been protecting you.
From the Sandman.
Hmm. You're a lot smarter than you look.
Yeah, I am.
Oh, wait.
You know, me and the Sandman,
we used to be cool.
Not friends or anything.
I mean, I hate happy people.
But he did his job.
And I did mine. Then he decided
dreamers didn't need nightmares,
'cause they were...
...too scary.
But he's wrong.
Nightmares make us strong
so we can face
what's really scary in life.
The unknown.
When you don't know
what's making that sound under the bed
or what's in the shadows...
...or... or what comes next.
I mean, it freaks you out so much.
Hmm. You wanna
know how you get through it?
You find something
that's always been there for you.
Right in the middle of all the chaos,
you find that constant,
unchangeable feeling...
and you hold onto it.
You hold onto each other.
Oh, no!
What rubbish!
Nightmara isn't protecting you.
She's preventing you
from the ultimate dream come true.
Sorry, but it's time for me to wake up.
Let's break the hourglass and go home.
No!
Elliot!
Stevie!
Oh!
- Got ya!
- Whoa!
- You thinking what I'm thinking?
- Yep!
Jetpack! I'm thinking jetpack!
What? Last time
you said we didn't need jetpacks!
This is a different situation!
Rescue mission!
Baloney Tony, I knew you'd come back.
Really? 'Cause I questioned it
right up to the last second.
Get us to the hourglass.
On it.
Oh!
Ha-ha-ha!
That's how you drive a bed. Uh-oh.
Tony!
Stevie!
Whoa! Respect.
Come on.
You got this, Stevie!
Oh, no, you don't.
Yah!
Sandlings!
Stop them!
Oh, no!
Chad?
Oh, no, no, no!
Nighty-night.
What?
How did you get in here?
I am a dad with two kids!
I'm always down to sleep.
This is my dream!
Nope, it's our dream now.
You have a little crusty in your eye.
Come on, guys, we got this!
Mom?
They made it!
Ha-ha! Never mess with Mrs. Joanne.
- Ah, Jenn!
- Oh, right!
Need a little backup?
Hold on!
It would probably be irresponsible
for me to push this.
Uh-oh.
Yes!
We're not gonna make it!
No, no, no!
No!
Oh, yeah! Cutting it super close.
Oh, I'm gonna need a nap after this.
Stevie, I just wanted you to be happy.
I want everyone to be happy.
Happy!
Chad.
Put me down. Chad.
Chad! Don't make me get the vacuum. Chad!
Oh, my gosh, Stevie. You're okay.
- Dad, stop!
- Never!
Oh, Stevie.
I know you've been trying
to hold us together.
And hearing about all this change
must be so scary for you.
But listen to me.
No matter what happens,
we will always love you,
and we will always be a family.
I know.
Mom punched the Sandman.
It's so beautiful!
Is that--
Baloney Tony.
What's up, Big Mike?
Thank you, Tony.
You're welcome,
Stevie.
I'll see you in your dreams, kid.
Dynamite fists!
You know you're gonna miss
sharing a room with me.
Miss your stinky feet and stinky meats?
I don't think so.
Well, in case you do, I made you this.
Oh! You-- You shouldn't have.
I call it Melliot.
Part melon, part Elliot.
You have to keep it on ice
so my head doesn't die.
- Okay, I see it.
- Okay.
- Be careful. Okay.
- Yeah. Easy.
So, yeah, we're moving to Duluth.
Mom took the job,
and Dad's gonna start a new band there.
Oh, right! Got it, yeah.
As for the two of them...
- Other left.
- That's still not my left.
- Okay, just bring it this way.
- No, no, no, no!
They're still figuring things out.
- Got it? Okay.
- Watch out for the...
- Here we are. Ready? One, two, three!
- And that's okay.
Up and over.
- Good job.
- Okay.
Whew!
Is this crazy?
Cuckoo bananas.
But it's worth a shot.
So it turns out my dreams
were trying to tell me something.
Life isn't perfect.
And neither are we.
But no matter how it changes,
we'll always have each other.
And you can't get any better than that.
Not even in your dreams.
Oh, no! Stop! Wait, wait! No!
- Uh-oh.
- Michael!
Dad! Whoa!
Sorry, sorry. Oh, that can't be good.
Oh, gosh!
Came in like a vision
From the old west wind
Like a bright new dream
That I was stepping in
I saw your face
And I knew it was a sign
And I still think about that moment
All of the time
You know that
I could never make this up
I found the reason
I'm not giving it up
I felt the fever
When I knew he was mine
Oh, I
I'm gonna love you for a long time
And in the morning when I'm waking up
I swear that you're the first thing
That I'm thinking of
I feel it in my body
Know it in my mind
Oh, I... I'm gonna
Love you for a long time
I'm gonna love you for a long time
Oh, I never knew it
Yeah, you took me by surprise
While I was getting lost
So deep inside your diamond eyes
So many things that I still wanna say
And if devotion is a river
Then I'm floating away
And in the morning when you pick me up
And all the world is quiet
Except the morning dove
I feel it in my body
Know it in my mind
Oh, I
I'm gonna love you for a long time
Okay, here we go.
Dad, I'm hungry.
Mom, can I drive?
Uh, you're 12.
But I drove a flying bed.
And cars are basically beds with wheels.
Meh.
Don't worry about me
Yeah, I'll be fine
I read enough books for seven lives
These walls keep singing back to me
Like la-di-di-da if you dream
Quiet like a mouse in a world so loud
But life's too short
To not scream and shout
I know that I'll make it out okay
I'm dancing my way through every day
'Cause I sleep to dream
Of you and me
Yeah, every night I sleep to dream
I'm drawn to you
Like a moth to a flame
I'm yearning
I'm burning up for you, babe
Heard that's the definition
Of you're insane, ha!
I guess I'm insane for you
Don't mind
Let's pass the time
So I sleep to dream
Of you and me
Yeah, every night I sleep to dream
I sleep to dream
Of you and me
Don't you wish
Your pizza was cheesy like me?
Your pizza was fresh like me?
Don't cha?
I know you like it
I know you do
That's why whenever it's time to eat
We make it for you
And I know you want it
It's easy to see
And we know all of your favorites
Pineapple, pepperoni, and cheese
Don't you wish
Your pizza was cheesy like me?
Don't you wish Your pizza was off like me?
Don't you wish
Your pizza was awful?